EG-2239 (DOC-1657): Refactor Corda OS Tutorials (#403)
corda/corda-docs: content/en/docs/corda-os/4.7/tut-two-party-contract.md

{{< /tabs >}}

{{< note >}}

> Be sure to update the `@BelongsToContract` annotation in the state definition ([Writing the state](hello-world-state.md)) to specify `IOUContract` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure to update the `@BelongsToContract` annotation in the state definition ([Writing the state](hello-world-state.md)) to specify `IOUContract` class.
```
